<!-- markdownlint-disable -->

# What the Heck is This Project About?!

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->

**TLDR**: The project is nothing more than a glorified documentation in the form
of a "book" & is meant for personal usage. But I took special care & attention
to ensure an online audience can benefit from the project as well.

For software developers, its common to spend days or even years properly
"_setting up_" their development environment. A typical software dev spends a
third of his whole day on computer, so it does make sense to optimise every bit
of it to increase his/her daily productivity right?

If you don't believe me on it? Trust me when I say it, whenever a new member
joins a software team, he/she is expected to spend at least a week (_or two_)
just "_setting up a dev environment_".

I work independently, there's no one to help me out setup my personal
development machines. And if you know me in real life, you would know how much
stuff I forget on a daily basis. ðŸ˜¬

So, I started this project on a small-scale to help my future self. The plan is
to document each changes and/or updates I make to my development
environment/workflow over time. So that I've something to refer back to whenever
needed.

As far as I know, this is a common practice even among corporates where they
maintain a central documentation, new joinees could refer to during their
onboarding process.

Regardless, the documentation is laid out in a "book" format for easier
navigation & readability. If you would like some insights into how I work on a
daily basis, this project is for you. On a side note though, you can also use
this project as a source of inspiration to setup your own development
environment. Whether you're a beginner or veteran developer, I bet this book
might've something in store for you to learn from!

So, happy reading & let me know if you would like to contribute to the project
in any way or the other.
